e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\FlashCardsX.exe.config
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.g.resources
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\FlashCardsX.exe
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\FlashCardsX.pdb
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.exe
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.pdb
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Live.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\CardEditWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\NewDeckWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\SettingsWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\CardEditWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\NewDeckWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\SettingsWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\FlashCardsX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\TestingWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Debug\View\TestingWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\DropNet.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
