e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\FlashCardsX.exe.config
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\FlashCardsX.exe
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\FlashCardsX.pdb
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\DropNet.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\itextsharp.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\Microsoft.Live.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\RestSharp.dll
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\itextsharp.xml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\bin\Release\RestSharp.xml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\CardEditWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\MainWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\NewDeckWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\SettingsWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\TestingWindow.baml
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\CardEditWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\NewDeckWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\SettingsWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\View\TestingWindow.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\App.g.cs
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.g.resources
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.exe
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.pdb
e:\users\duyhai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlashCardsX\FlashCardsX\obj\Release\FlashCardsX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
